how's Delia
you've been outcast now kill him oh okay
I'm going to know
but if a child dreamed of becoming
something other than what society had
intended
part of a child aspired to something
greater
my son's in the bus
he saw what Clark did
they're the answer son the other Hansard
should operate alone in the universe
just pretending I'm your son you aren't
my son
I had to believe that you were sent here
for a reason and even if it takes the
rest of your life
you owe it to yourself to find out what
that reason is
how do you find someone who respect a
lifetime covering his tracks
for some he was a guardian angel
others a ghost you never quite fit in
we'll give the people of Earth an ideal
to strive towards
he'll respond little stumble before
and time
they will join you in the Sun
in time you will help them accomplish
wonders
you believe your son is safe
I will find him
I thought we believed if the world found
out I really want
very gently
he was convinced that the world wasn't
ready
what's the S stand for it's not an S my
world let me talk
well here is a mess how about excuse me